a) Counting objects: 7, done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 733 bytes | 733.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/jrawl126/assignment2.git
   f4975e5..393589e  master -> master

b)There have been 9 commits in this repo so far, the command used is
	git rev-list --count HEAD

c) the .gitignore file was last modified Wed Sep 25 18:13:30 2019. Command use:
	git log .gitignore

d) Two reasons that branches are used in git are 1) to keep a stable branch while
   debugging on another branch and 2) to allow for multiple people to work on one
   project without effecting each other during development.

e) Git log shows use you a full history of your repo, while git status will only
   show the differences between the current dir and staging area.

f) You would use command:
	git log --follow Vehicle.h

g) You would use command:
	git log --grep=file

h) I) Inheritance is when a subclass also has the attributes of its parent(s) class.
   II) Polymophism is when an object can take many forms, an example of this is the
       object class in python.
   III) Encapsulation is when data attributes are restricted to only the access that
	is needed, an example being public and private in C++

I) The main difference between these two workflows is that Integration manager handles
   pushes from all the developers, whereas the Lieutenants only work on the code from
   some of the developers.

J) It would be easier for multiple lieutenants to manage the code from 100 developers
   rather than having one person trying manage all 100 people.


OOP Question:
The Driving simulator is using both Polymophism and Encapsulation. Polymophism
can be seen in that each vehicle has a toString function, but depending on what
type of object is calling it, the results will be different. Also Encapsulation
can be seen with the protected values such as numberOfEngines with the Jet class
which keeps the user from directly messing with its value and possibly breaking
the program. 
